this is you know sanneh right now he's
making his list he's checking the kids
for lice or whatever he's got for a
number of years Guillermo and I have
been helping Santa every year we put on
our elf hats and pointy shoes to
interrogate children and as far as how
they behave this year and well here we
go we've done it again hello how you
doing good can I have your letter for
Santa thank you go ahead and have a seat
right there all right what's your name
Myles Myles how old are you laughs I see
you've written a letter to Santa Claus
may I read it uh-huh
hello Santa I'm just gonna come right
out with my wishlist I love games this
Christmas I want mousetrap Shetty go and
operation what are you a time traveler
from 1975 Wow all right Suzie and I are
gonna bake cookies for you this year
have a Merry Christmas love miles who's
Suzie um she's one of my grandma's oh
you call your grandma Suzie huh
you don't call her grandma ah all right
let's talk let's get down to business
have you been good this year yes how
good no that's really good huh yes have
you done any noisy things this year
nope nothing interesting because Santa's
been watching you and Santa said that
you throw things in the house sometimes
sometimes Santa also said you walked the
babysitter out of the house sometimes
was it funny when you locked the
babysitter out of the house yeah it was
huh did she think it was funny nope are
there any kids in your class that should
not get presents uh my lap taker is the
only one who shouldn't miles what miles
app taker now your name is miles - uh
name is miles Friedman my own lap taker
is the meanest kid ever
why is miles the worst kid ever he
always cuts his lunch
he cuts in line uh-huh Oh for lunch
uh-huh and everyone gets mad yep and
what do you say I tell him to go back
where he was but he doesn't oh whoa
this has got to be real tough having
another kid named Miles in your class
when your name is Miles yeah
are you worried that Santa might confuse
you with the other miles bad miles as we
call him he won't yeah
well seems like you've been pretty good
yeah would you like a present yeah all
right step over here now push this and
here we go let's see what comes out what
did you wish for
oh my gosh Wow dentures teeth in a glass
what yeah that's for you there you go
maybe give those to Suzy bye my dad
comes to that
I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season in a fun way by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and through it
all of my MA goes to children's
hospitals across the country or watch
another gaming video and don't help kids
it's up to you